we've just stumbled across what what I
think is one of the most splendid
examples of its kind here the right for
us and just here on this branch we have
got a snake it's actually a Brown banded
chunk headed snake so cause it's got the
lovely brown bands along its body and
it's almost dole like head but just to
show you what a fade this snake is I'm
just gonna unravel it from its body
design is just perfect for the job it
has to do it is incredibly light and
very skinny as you can see and unlike a
lot of snakes it can actually support
over half of its own body weight out on
the horizontal like it's doing right now
and this allows the snake to span gaps
between twigs and branches and the fact
that it is so skinny and light if it is
skin so skinny that I've just noticed
that I can actually see through its body
hole look at that it's almost like I am
pulling it up on a bit of invisible
string
popping back into the bushes and that
will continue our search happy just how
brilliant they are at climbing three
this will just fell out of it off you go